Resources Used

Python Constructs (How to code in python)
http://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/dictionary_fromkeys.htm
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16567308/string-to-unicode-code-point-escpe-sequences-in-python
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1602934/check-if-a-given-key-already-exists-in-a-dictionary
* pass does nothing in python
https://docs.python.org/2/tutorial/controlflow.html
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7361253/python-how-to-find-a-substring-in-another-string
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6797984/how-to-convert-string-to-lowercase-in-python
* Read a specific line in a doc
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2081836/reading-specific-lines-only-python
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/620367/python-how-to-jump-to-a-particular-line-in-a-huge-text-file
* Find all occurances of element in a list
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13478974/how-to-find-all-occurrences-of-an-element-in-a-list
* how to check if a string is a number
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/354038/how-do-i-check-if-a-string-is-a-number-in-python
* how to introduce line continuation
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/53162/how-can-i-do-a-line-break-line-continuation-in-python
* Initialize dict from keys
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2241891/how-to-initialize-a-dict-with-keys-from-a-list-and-empty-value-in-python
* Updating values in a set
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3392354/python-append-values-to-a-set
* Add number to set
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9299919/add-number-to-set
* How to delete keys in dict
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4406501/change-the-key-value-in-python-dictionary
* How to print out keys from dict
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5904969/python-how-to-print-a-dictionarys-key 
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2711579/concatenate-strings-in-python-2-4


XLRD
https://secure.simplistix.co.uk/svn/xlrd/trunk/xlrd/doc/xlrd.html?p=4966
* Way dates are stored in Excel
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3727916/how-to-use-xlrd-xldate-as-tuple

Python documentation (separate from my own googling for debugging help)
* CSV methods
https://docs.python.org/2/library/csv.html
* String methods
https://docs.python.org/2/library/string.html
* In & Outputs methods
https://docs.python.org/2/tutorial/inputoutput.html#reading-and-writing-files
* Set
https://docs.python.org/2/library/stdtypes.html#set

CSV Reader & Writer
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13367732/csv-python-using-dictwriter-correctly-valueerror-dict-contains-fields-not-in
* open multiple files to perform some action
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4617034/how-can-i-open-multiple-files-using-with-open-in-python?rq=1
* Write items in a list to a file
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/899103/python-write-a-list-to-a-file

Beautiful Soup
http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/#installing-beautiful-soup
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19969056/python-beautifulsoup-findall-w-class
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4416013/beautiful-soup-python-and-the-extracting-of-text-in-a-table

MongoDB
* commands
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8866041/how-to-list-all-collections-in-the-mongo-shell
http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/reference/mongo-shell/
http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/tutorial/getting-started-with-the-mongo-shell
* '$and' operator for multiple query expressions
http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/reference/operator/query/and/
* Aggregation
** error with $group operator
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/25373372/whats-wrong-with-this-mongoskin-aggregation-command
** group (_id) with compound keys
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/22932364/mongodb-group-values-by-multiple-fields
** Drop table
http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/reference/method/db.dropDatabase/#db.dropDatabase
** Find nulls in document
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10591543/mongodb-how-to-query-for-records-where-field-is-null-or-not-set
** Count distinct
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11782566/mongodb-select-countdistinct-x-on-an-indexed-column-count-unique-results-for


Regex
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10944438/how-do-i-check-if-a-string-only-contains-alphanumeric-characters-and-dashes

OpenStreetMap
** Downloading a custom region
http://overpass-turbo.eu/
http://overpass-api.de/query_form.html
http://overpass-api.de/command_line.html
http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Downloading_data

ElementTree
** Clear root to preserve memory and stop my computer from freezing
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7544881/efficient-way-of-xml-parsing-in-elementtree1-3-0-python
http://effbot.org/zone/element-iterparse.htm
https://docs.python.org/2/library/xml.etree.elementtree.html